Everyone lets in this problem.
And it is another interesting problem.
And right now, you can alone solve this problem.
You don't need my help in this.
And get into this deposit.
Try to think about it.
Lead good into living strength.
And while this problem and apply to record hiring maybe you'll face this problem on.
So it's this your instincts as well as to history?
I mean, whether history is formed by an interleaving of as one and what is interleaving.
We we have seen that the strategies are needed.
So in the leaving means.
Take one, leave off one scene takes a leave of seconds things and those evening do that means make
it a chain which passes through both the things and finally give me a final string.
For example, this case.
Right.
That means ABC.
Okay, I've already written this.
So this is a tune.
So initially we have a.
That crazy.
Curtis.
He.
Romney we go back to be.
From this bee, we go back to this bee.
Then we go to this P.
Okay.
The week is not a right now.
After this, B, we go to see.
I mean you can see that it's a gene we are interleaving both these things for later financing.
So we go to the see and now after see we come back to be.
After this.
B We go to the sea and we go to this.
E And then we go to this.
B finally.
So you can see it's A, but it's B, it's just formed by both the strings.
So it's kind of making a chain.
Now it is kind of interleaving or distinct.
I hope you understood it, but there are only two options b or we always have added to take the character
from the.
Being this art.
The character from the painting and assisting.
Let's see you.
This is thing you hate.
And yeah, as well as to history.
So this is one of the examples.
Some of you might be wondering, then why don't we apply radio?
We're hearing they're just obligatory.
Bye bye.
Goodbye is for them.
I have this case.
So here what happens is let's say I use the video games over here and games over here.
So, of course, you know, if I'm going to fill the card value, I have to either pick as one IP or
S2 D.
I don't have any other option.
I cannot pick this before I pick this.
Right, because then it won't be intelligent.
Basically, the order matters here.
Well.
So, yeah.
So this is S1.
It says S two.
And this is S3 S3.
Okay.
The value there is on S3 dead index will either be the value in S1, either NICS or the well-known S2
index.
It can be this or there's no other possibilities possible.
Initially is in CAS zero.
Let's see what will happen.
US.
Let's see.
Okay.
So what is as tricky?
It is here.
So I can only take S1 right now because that is only equal to the.
Let me increase I.
And we'll also increase key.
Now, again, as money is equal to a strike rate, we don't have any other option.
We cannot take a strike not because it is equal to the rate.
Now I is over here.
She comes over here.
Now we can see that strike is equal to as to day.
Now we cannot guess when I in this case because it is B eight.
So we can only take B, which is as to real increment you.
And incrementally.
So you can see the dusting that is going behind that is already forming the previous string.
Well, right now I'm going.
I'm going.
Really?
If I'm able to form it, just form it.
Right now we're here on B, B, right?
No, we have two options.
Now, here it is by greedy.
Won't always work.
Right there we have two options.
Tell me, which B should I take?
If you would say take S1 B, then why not ask Toby?
And if your test was B, then Vinod.
S once b because he lets c I take S2 as B for this, then I'm taking this.
B then simply they will move forward.
And we will also move forward.
Now let's say I'm taking this be.
Same thing will happen then.
Okay, we'll move forward.
Now Jay-Z and Jay-Z, tell me one thing.
S1 I is equal to B you can easily see various as du jour is equal to the.
But as to the case now equal to C on the other s when I is equal to as tricky not as today's equals
to s t that means.
If I have only this string.
And that means now we cannot form the rest of this thing.
We cannot farm this by using only this river.
Because I need sea first.
But I have biotic aid.
So this is not possible.
Right.
So in this case, BP comes in.
That means now we have options.
If we have options, then.
It's very simply we have options.
We have to try both ways.
We have to reboot the bad aid.
So where were we?
Yeah, we were in here.
There is here.
And there's also one.
The.
Mike and Kate over here right now, we have two options.
I hope you understood why greed won't work because we will not be able to get this C if we take both
these BS first aid.
So in the similar fashion there can be many other cases in which it really won't.
But I know what we have to do is we have to try both the parties, basically.
Now we can also see.
That.
Let me be clear.
I did.
Nate, so didn't know what was happening.
It's inside out.
Let's see if S3.
Active as three k is equal to s when i.
Then we have to try to decide which is DPA e.g. you know.
Okay, let me also say, what does DB here mean?
So here we have DPA divided K means existing big J string and take this pasting from my 22 engaging
and formulate a possibility of an interleaving.
So always we have two options.
The first of these two should come at this first place as three ks equals two as one.
That means.
I will move forward.
That means you badges equals two GPA plus one.
Yeah.
That escape lesson because I imagined it.
And we imagine we have moved more distinctly forward.
Now simply the second case is if S2.
If as streaky.
Is equal to as you do.
So in this case, what will happen?
You all can now think about it.
If both of those characters are equal, that means now S3 can be replaced by Mike means it can mean
deliberate as to what I can simply say.
Look, I didn't take anything from the S1 than the plus one and keep one.
Well otherwise.
In this case, what we are doing is we are trying both the parties.
If this is equal, try this also.
If this is equal, write this also.
It's not even else.
It is if there is equal that if this is equal, try this.
It's not, you know, mutually exclusive.
They can be done together.
That's the same case here, right?
If both are BS.
Right.
This B also here.
This B also in the first place.
And tell me if it is possible or not and what will be the end case case?
What will be the Yankees?
These cases, if AII is equal to as one large size.
And.
Okay.
So one thing should be mentioned in the problem.
That.
Okay.
So it's not given that as trees length should be equal to everyone's land.
And as to later, this is but but this is important.
If their lands are not equal, that's if as wants land as one place as to land.
I mean, if it is not equal to as trees land that then it's not possible at all that we cannot interleave
them.
To make the third string nature, the land has to be equal.
This is the first check.
We can have this jack in the beginning before even starting their dining programming solution.
So in the dining program solution, we are here when the lands required it.
So we can say if asked one word size equals two and Daisy goes to student size.
That means they are both these the end.
That means.
Gay has also risen.
So this problem will teach you one more new thing, and that is that we can easily see that right now
the states are aging gay rights year and that means we have EPA of 3D.
I drink eight, but actually it is not a 3D dip.
It is actually dipping because in this the independent variables are only two.
The third variable can be derived from the other two variables.
One example I can always make this relation in which I think is equal to A-plus to my because if I is
increasing, is increasing, or if J is increasing, then case increase.
That means if I, if I were going to correct this on the first string and if I get to some of the second
string, that means I will be on the it.
Correct?
That means I've already taken the seven characters to plus five characters from the third string.
That means I want the eighth character.
Right.
I hope this is clear.
It means.
If I is over here, these are very good.
That means fun.
And plus to these three characters, I already said.
So it is equal to three eight.
So I pledge they will always be equal looking.
So if I can find a situation that means the variables are not dependent, means I can reduce one variable
in this.
And if even if I don't use the gay variable, then also.
I'll get correct answers.
So this is just for explanation purposes, identity.
Even if you don't use it here, even if you just use I plus one NJ and I go major plus one and you know,
derive gain inside the function by saying case equals to A-plus.
Then also it would definitely work with this.
So these are the best guesses if both of them, which is the intelligent leading eight.
If one of them is the end.
I just tried to move the other one forward.
If they do not move forward, it means you're going to already handle the base case.
So in the next part, I'll just quickly call it and it's very easy to code, I would suggest you alternate
it.
Eight.
Well, thanks.